Added docs related to Redis version 5.2.0 (#894)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: redis/5.2/modules/ROOT/pages/redis-connector-studio.adoc

+
* *Connection timeout*
+
Enter the connection timeout, in milliseconds.
+
* *Entry Ttl*
+
Enter the default time to live to set on keys stored through the connector.
+
* *Password*
+
* Redis password
+
Enter the password for .

[[non-clustered-config]]
=== Non-Clustered Redis Configuration

The following screenshot shows an example of configuring a global element for a non-clustered Redis configuration:

image::redis-basic-config.png[Configuration]

Enter values for the following fields:

* *Name*
+
Enter the name for this configuration.
+
* *Connection*
+
Select `NonClustered` to use the connector with a non-clustered Redis configuration.
+
* *Host*
+
Enter the host for the Redis server.
+
* *Port*
+
Enter the port on which the non-clustered server is running.
+
* *Connection Timeout*
+
Enter the connection timeout, in milliseconds.
+
* *Entry Ttl*
+
Enter the default time to live to set on keys stored through the connector.
+
* *Password*
+
Enter the password for server authentication

[[configure-tls]]
=== TLS Configuration

To enable and configure TLS for your app:

. Click the *TLS* tab to configure the truststore and keystore:

> * *Trust Store Configuration*
> ** Path
> +
> Location of the truststore file.
> ** Password
> +
> Password for the truststore file.
> ** Type
> +
> File format of the truststore file.
> ** Algorithm
> +
> Algorithm the truststore uses.
> ** Insecure +
> Boolean that determines whether or not to validate the truststore. If set to `true`, no validation occurs. The default value is `false`.
> * *Key Store Configuration*
> ** Type
> +
> Optionally specify the file format of the keystore file. The default value is `JKS`.
> ** Path
> +
> Location of the keystore file. This is optional and can be used for two-way authentication for the connector.
> ** Alias
> +
> Attribute that indicates the alias of the key to use when the keystore contains many private keys. If not defined, the first key in the file is used by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Trust Store Configuration*
** *Path*
+
Location of the truststore file.
** *Password*
+
Password for the truststore file.
** *Type*
+
File format of the truststore file.
** *Algorithm*
+
Algorithm the truststore uses.
** *Insecure* +
Boolean that determines whether or not to validate the truststore. If set to `true`, no validation occurs. The default value is `false`.
* *Key Store Configuration*
** *Type*
+
Optionally specify the file format of the keystore file. The default value is `JKS`.
** *Path*
+
Location of the keystore file. This is optional and can be used for two-way authentication for the connector.
** *Alias*
+
Attribute that indicates the alias of the key to use when the keystore contains many private keys. If not defined, the first key in the file is used by default.
```

> ** Key password
> +
> Key manager password, which is the password for the private key inside the keystore.
> ** Password
> +
> Store password for the keystore file. This is optional and needed only if the *Key Store Location* is configured.
> ** Algorithm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** *Key password*
+
Key manager password, which is the password for the private key inside the keystore.
** *Password*
+
Store password for the keystore file. This is optional and needed only if the *Key Store Location* is configured.
** *Algorithm*
```

+
Algorithm used in the keystore.

== View the App Log

You can view the app log as follows:

> * If you’re running the app from the Anypoint Platform, the output is visible in the Anypoint Studio console window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you’re running the app from the Anypoint Platform, the output is visible in the Anypoint Studio *Console* window.
```

= Use Studio to Configure Redis Connector 5.2 - Mule 4
:page-aliases: connectors::redis/redis-connector-studio.adoc
:page-aliases: connectors::redis/redis-connector-design-center.adoc

Anypoint Studio (Studio) editors help you design and update your Mule applications, properties, and configuration files.

To add and configure a connector in Studio:

. <<create-mule-project,Create a Mule project>>.
. <<add-connector-to-project,Add the connector to your Mule project>>.
. <<configure-input-source,Configure an input source for the connector's flow>>.
. <<add-connector-operation,Add a connector operation to the flow>>.
. <<configure-global-element,Configure a global element for the connector>>.
. <<configure-other-fields,Configure the other connector fields>>.

When you run your app, you can view the app log as described in <<view-app-log,View the App Log>>.

> If you are new to configuring connectors in Studio, see xref:connectors::introduction/intro-config-use-studio.adoc[Use Studio to Configure a Connector]. If, after reading this topic, you need additional information about the connector fields, see the xref:redis-connector-reference.adoc[Redis Connector 5.2 Reference].

Reviewer 2: Per the convo Valkyrie and I had about these xrefs, we think it might be better to simply name the other texts but not to make them live links, and then include the live links in See Also:
```suggestion
If you are new to configuring connectors in Studio, see Use Studio to Configure a Connector. If, after reading this topic, you need additional information about the connector fields, see Redis Connector 5.2 Reference.
```

. In *Add Modules to Project*, type `redis` in the search field.
. Click *Redis Connector* in *Available modules*.
. Click *Add*.
. Click *Finish*.

Adding a connector to a Mule project in Studio does not make that connector available to other projects in your Studio workspace.

[[configure-input-source]]
== Configure an Input Source

An input source initiates a flow when a specified condition is met.
You can configure one of these input sources to use with Redis Connector:

* `Subscribe`, which enables the Mule app to listen to specified channels
* `HTTP Listener`, which initiates a flow each time it receives a request on the configured host and port
* `Scheduler`, which initiates a flow when a time-based condition is met

For example, to configure the `Subscribe` input source, follow these steps:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Redis* > *Subscribe*.
. Drag *Subscribe* to the Studio canvas.
. On the *Subscribe* configuration screen, optionally change the value of the *Display Name* field.
. Click the plus sign (+) next to the *Connector configuration* field to configure a global element that can be used by all instances of Redis Connector in the app.
+

> When you configure a global element, you can reference a configuration file that contains ANT-style property placeholders (recommended), or you can enter your authorization credentials in the global configuration properties. For information about the benefits of using property placeholders and how to configure them, see xref:introduction/intro-connector-configuration-overview.adoc[Anypoint Connector Configuration].

Reviewer 2: ditto re. xref: title but not link, moving link to See Also

> . On the *Connection* tab, select whether the connection is for a clustered or non-clustered configuration:

Reviewer 2: per style ref
```suggestion
. On the *Connection* tab, select whether the connection is for a clustered or nonclustered configuration:
```

> * For a clustered configuration, enter a value for each host in the *Cluster hosts* field using the format `host:port`. Separate the values with commas.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For a clustered configuration, enter a comma-separated list of values for all hosts in the *Cluster hosts* field using the format `host:port`. 
```

+
Then, optionally enter values for the *Connection timeout* and *Entry ttl* fields.
+
For an example, see <<clustered-config,Clustered Redis Configuration>>.

> * For a non-clustered configuration, enter a value for the *Host*, *Port*, and *Password* fields, and optionally enter a value for the *Connection timeout* and *Entry ttl* fields.

Reviewer 2: style ref
```suggestion
* For a nonclustered configuration, enter a value for the *Host*, *Port*, and *Password* fields, and optionally enter a value for the *Connection timeout* and *Entry ttl* fields.
```

+

> For an example, see <<non-clustered-config,Configure a Non-Clustered Redis Configuration>>.

Reviewer 2: style ref
```suggestion
For an example, see <<non-clustered-config,Configure a Nonclustered Redis Configuration>>.
```

+
. On the *TLS* tab, optionally specify TLS information.
+
For an example, see <<configure-tls,TLS Configuration>>.
. On the *Advanced* tab, optionally specify reconnection information, including a reconnection strategy.

> . Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the specific server.

Reviewer 2: specific or specified?

. Click *OK*.

[[add-connector-operation]]
== Add a Connector Operation to the Flow

When you add a connector operation to your flow, you immediately define a specific operation for that connector to perform.

To add an operation for Redis Connector, follow these steps:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Redis* and then select the desired operation.
. Drag the operation onto the Studio canvas to the right of the input source.

[[configure-global-element]]
== Configure a Global Element for the Connector

> When you configure a connector, it’s best to configure a global element that all instances of that connector in the app can use. Configuring a global element requires you to provide the authentication credentials the connector uses to access the target Redis system. Redis Connector supports global elements for clustered Redis conigurations and non-clustered Redis configurations.

Reviewer 2: GLOBAL re. style ref
```suggestion
When you configure a connector, it’s best to configure a global element that all instances of that connector in the app can use. Configuring a global element requires you to provide the authentication credentials the connector uses to access the target Redis system. Redis Connector supports global elements for clustered Redis conigurations and nonclustered Redis configurations.
```

If you configured the `Subscribe` input source for the connector, then you already created a global element for Redis Connector. If you configured the `HTTP` or `Scheduler` input source, then follow these steps to create a global element for Redis Connector:

. Select the name of the connector in the Studio canvas.
. In the configuration screen for the operation, click the plus sign (+) next to the *Connector configuration* field to access the global element configuration fields.
. On the *General* tab, configure fields for the Redis configuration.

> +

Reviewer 2: Why the linespace?

. On the *Advanced* tab, optionally specify reconnection information, including a reconnection strategy.
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the specified server.
. Click *OK*.

[[clustered-config]]
=== Clustered Redis Configuration

The following screenshot shows an example of configuring a global element to connect to a Redis clustered configuration:

image::redis-basic-config-clustered.png[]

> Enter values for the following fields:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Take the appropriate actions on these UI elements:
```

* *Name*
+
Enter a name for this configuration.
+
* *Connection*
+
Select `Clustered` to use the connector with a clustered Redis configuration.
* *Cluster hosts*
+
Enter a comma-separated list of Redis cluster hosts using the format `host:port`.
+
* *Connection timeout*
+
Enter the connection timeout, in milliseconds.
+
* *Entry Ttl*
+

> Enter the default time to live to set on keys stored through the connector.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enter the default time-to-live value to set on keys stored through the connector.
```

+
* *Password*
+
* Redis password
+

> Enter the password for .

Reviewer 2: missing text

[[non-clustered-config]]

> === Non-Clustered Redis Configuration

Reviewer 2: GLOBAL
```suggestion
=== Nonclustered Redis Configuration
```

> The following screenshot shows an example of configuring a global element for a non-clustered Redis configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following screenshot shows an example of configuring a global element for a nonclustered Redis configuration:
```

image::redis-basic-config.png[Configuration]

> Enter values for the following fields:

Reviewer 2: ditto previous rewording, because one action is not entering a value in a field

* *Name*
+
Enter the name for this configuration.
+
* *Connection*
+

> Select `NonClustered` to use the connector with a non-clustered Redis configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Select `NonClustered` to use the connector with a nonclustered Redis configuration.
```

+
* *Host*
+
Enter the host for the Redis server.
+
* *Port*
+

> Enter the port on which the non-clustered server is running.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enter the port on which the nonclustered server is running.
```

+
* *Connection Timeout*
+
Enter the connection timeout, in milliseconds.
+
* *Entry Ttl*
+

> Enter the default time to live to set on keys stored through the connector.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enter the default time-to-live value to set on keys stored through the connector.
```

+
* *Password*
+

> Enter the password for server authentication

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enter the password for server authentication.
```

[[configure-tls]]
=== TLS Configuration

To enable and configure TLS for your app:

. Click the *TLS* tab to configure the truststore and keystore:
* *Trust Store Configuration*
** *Path*
+
Location of the truststore file.
** *Password*
+
Password for the truststore file.
** *Type*
+
File format of the truststore file.
** *Algorithm*
+
Algorithm the truststore uses.
** *Insecure* +
Boolean that determines whether or not to validate the truststore. If set to `true`, no validation occurs. The default value is `false`.
* *Key Store Configuration*
** *Type*
+
Optionally specify the file format of the keystore file. The default value is `JKS`.
** *Path*
+
Location of the keystore file. This is optional and can be used for two-way authentication for the connector.
** *Alias*
+
Attribute that indicates the alias of the key to use when the keystore contains many private keys. If not defined, the first key in the file is used by default.
** *Key password*
+
Key manager password, which is the password for the private key inside the keystore.
** *Password*
+

> Store password for the keystore file. This is optional and needed only if the *Key Store Location* is configured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Store password for the keystore file. This is needed only if the *Key Store Location* is configured.
```

** *Algorithm*
+
Algorithm used in the keystore.

[[view-app-log]]
== View the App Log

You can view the app log for the connector as follows:

* If you’re running the app from the Anypoint Platform, the output is visible in the Anypoint Studio *Console* window.
* If you’re running the app using Mule from the command line, the app log is visible in your OS console.

> Unless the log file path was customized in the app’s log file (`log4j2.xml`), you can also view the app log in this default location:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unless the log file path was customized in the app’s log file (`log4j2.xml`), you can also view the app log in `MULE_HOME/logs/<app-name>.log`.
```

> `MULE_HOME/logs/<app-name>.log`

Reviewer 2: per above
```suggestion
```

> For more information about the app log, see xref:mule-runtime::logging-in-mule.adoc[Configuring Logging].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about the app log, see Configuring Logging.
```
